Create JS example in Wasm languages section (#1190)
fermyon/developer: content/wasm-languages/javascript.md

Recently, Suborbital has introduced a version of [Javy](https://github.com/suborbital/javy) that supports some of their extensions.

> An experimental SDK for building Spin apps using JavaScript (and TypeScript) was [introduced in a Fermyon blog article](https://www.fermyon.com/blog/spin-js-sdk) back in December 2022. This [Spin SDK for Javascript](https://github.com/fermyon/spin-js-sdk) borrows heavily from Javy, using the same approach of providing a CLI utility to convert a JS file into a Wasm file.

Reviewer: Maybe out of scope for this update but we should mention `jco`

Author: Added a jco sentence. Yes, we cal collaborate on that much more in future iterations of this page. Super interesting.

> An experimental SDK for building Spin apps using JavaScript (and TypeScript) was [introduced in a Fermyon blog article](https://www.fermyon.com/blog/spin-js-sdk) back in December 2022. This [Spin SDK for Javascript](https://github.com/fermyon/spin-js-sdk) borrows heavily from Javy, using the same approach of providing a CLI utility to convert a JS file into a Wasm file.

Reviewer: Again, I would focus on the current status rather than looking back to December 2022.

```suggestion
You can compile JavaScript and TypeScript to Wasm for the Spin runtime using [the Spin JavaScript SDK](https://github.com/fermyon/spin-js-sdk). The Spin SDK borrows heavily from Javy, using the same approach of providing a CLI utility to convert a JS file into a Wasm file.
```

## Usage

> The Spin SDK makes it very easy to build Javascript/TypeScript Wasm applications simply by using a Spin template that handles all of the heavy lifting. If you would like to try out the Spin SDK for Javascript please follow along with the example below.

Reviewer: This isn't really "usage" I feel?

## Example

> In this example, we will create a Spin application using Javascript.

Reviewer: This paragraph seems to recapitulate the last sentence of the "usage" paragraph?

### Prerequisites

> If you have not done so already, please [install Spin](https://developer.fermyon.com/spin/v2/install). Having Spin installed will allow us to easily use js2wasm and Spin application templates.

Reviewer: We have got to add a lint for this _grin_

```suggestion
If you have not done so already, please [install Spin](/spin/v2/install). Having Spin installed will allow us to easily use js2wasm and Spin application templates.
```

### Js2Wasm 

```console
$ spin plugin update
$ spin plugin install js2wasm
Plugin information updated successfully

> Are you sure you want to install plugin 'js2wasm' with license Apache-2.0 from https://github.com/fermyon/spin-js-sdk/releases/download/v0.6.1/js2wasm-v0.6.1-linux-amd64.tar.gz? yes

Reviewer: There is a lot of "console spew" text here and for it kind of overwhelms the actual content.  Maybe trim it back to the core commands?

Plugin 'js2wasm' was installed successfully!

Description:
	A plugin to convert js files to Spin compatible modules

Homepage:
	https://github.com/fermyon/spin-js-sdk
```

### Example

Create a new project:

```console

> $ spin new -t http-js javascript-example --accept-defaults

Reviewer: You've detailed how to install the plugin but not the template?
